Add translateOptions as props in DeleteWithConfirmButton (#6241)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Buttons.md

## Record Buttons

> ### `<DeleteButton>`

Reviewer: please don't delete this, it's a reminder ;)

Author: I put it back

Delete the selected element. To be used inside a <Toolbar> conponent.

```jsx
import * as React from 'react';
import { Toolbar, SimpleForm } from '../form';

const EditToolbar = props => (
    <Toolbar {...props}>

>         <DeleteWithConfirmButton translateOptions={translateOptions} />

Reviewer: This isn't explanatory. What is the format of translateOptions? Why would anyone use it?

Author: I added some elements to be more explicit

## Record Buttons

### `<DeleteButton>`

### `<DeleteWithConfirmButton>`

Delete the selected element. To be used inside a <Toolbar> conponent.

> Overriding translateOptions prop allows to make custom message for the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Overriding `translateOptions` prop allows to customize the notification message confirming the deletion.
```

```jsx
import * as React from 'react';
import { Toolbar, SimpleForm } from '../form';

translateOptions = {
    id: 'custom identifier',
    name: 'custom name'
}

const EditToolbar = props => (
    <Toolbar {...props}>
        <DeleteWithConfirmButton translateOptions={translateOptions} />
    </Toolbar>
);
```

> | Prop         | Required | Type            | Default            | Description                         |

Reviewer: Without an introduction, this table is misleading - it looks like the description of the `DeleteWithConfirmButton` props

Author: I was inspired by previous tables in the documentation, in order to describe the changes applied by my PR (concerning the two props).
What should this table describe ?

## Record Buttons

### `<DeleteButton>`

### `<DeleteWithConfirmButton>`

> Delete the selected element. To be used inside a <Toolbar> conponent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Delete the current record. To be used inside a <Toolbar> conponent.
```

> Overriding `translateOptions` name and id props allows to customize the notification message confirming the deletion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can customize the notification message confirming the deletion by providing a `translateOptions` prop. It accepts an object with a `name` and `id` property:
```
